Reorganize custom dictionaries, better spell checking infra (#36255)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/writing_style_guide/index.md

- **Correct**: localize, behavior, color
- **Incorrect**: localise, behaviour, colour

> We have [cSpell](https://cspell.org/) installed to help you catch many spelling errors. It runs every week and generates a report of spelling errors in the repository. You can also run it locally via the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have [cSpell](https://cspell.org/) installed to catch spelling errors. It runs every week and generates [a report of spelling errors](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues?q=Weekly+spelling+check+is%3Aissue+in%3Atitle) in the repository. You can also run it locally via the following command:
```
